Translate Sylvia (70026) (#465)
Giratena/Succubus-Duel-English-Translation: CSV/Language/English/Card/70026.txt

　胸のサイズも学園一であり、実はこっそり自慢に思っている。バトル以外で性的なことをしたことはないが、カードマスター学園ではそうしたテクニックも教えているので、男を気持ちよくするツボはよく心得ているという。快感を与えつつ、抵抗する動きを体術でいなして押さえ込んでくるため、力自慢の大男であっても簡単には逃れられない。大きく揺れる胸に誘われて安易に彼女に身を任せてしまえば、そのまま脱出できずに搾り取られてしまうだろう。,   Her bust size is also the largest in the academy; a fact she secretly takes great pride in. Though she has never done anything sexual outside of battles; since it's a skill taught by the Card Academy; she has become familiar with the pressure points that make men feel good. She gives pleasure while using martial arts to deflect and subdue any attempts to resist her; so even opponents larger than her can't easily escape from her hold. If you carelessly give yourself over to her—overly enticed by her large; bouncing breasts—you'll have no hope of escape; doomed to be milked dry.

> 　人魚使いのメロディは同級生だが、身長が低くくかわいらしいので、メロディちゃんと、ちゃん付けで呼んでいる。しょっちゅう抱き着いたり頭をなでてくるので、メロディからはちょっとうっとうしがられている。,    She has taken to calling her classmate Melody—the mermaid cardmaster—'Little Melly'; do to her small stature and cute appearance. She is constantly hugging her and patting her head; which annoys Melody quite a bit.

Reviewer: Nice translation here!

あら、無敗のルーキー、この間の試合ぶりね。\nどう？Aランク昇格戦に向けて、準備はできた？,Oh; if it isn't the undefeated rookie. It's been a while since our last match. So? Are you prepared for the A-rank promotion battle?

> 昇格戦の前にお師匠様と一度真剣勝負をする？\nへぇ、それは大事な試合になりそうね。師匠への恩返しもかねて\n強くなったところ、ちゃんと見せてあげなくちゃ。,Your master has invited you to have a serious match with her before your promotion? Hmm; that sounds a fairly important match. You'll need to properly show her how strong you've become as a way of repaying her kindness.

Reviewer 2: that sounds **like**
maybe ?

> 昇格戦の前にお師匠様と一度真剣勝負をする？\nへぇ、それは大事な試合になりそうね。師匠への恩返しもかねて\n強くなったところ、ちゃんと見せてあげなくちゃ。,Your master has invited you to have a serious match with her before your promotion? Hmm; that sounds like a fairly important match. Make sure you show her how strong you've become as a way of repaying her kindness.

Reviewer: This sentence has a couple of lengthy words that can be cut such as "has", "to have a", and "with her" that could be removed to make a more natural sentence I think:

"Your master has invited you to have a serious match with her before your promotion?" -> "Your master challenged you to a serious match before your promotion?"

Author: Yeah this might be an artifact of my early interpretation where she was more proper

> わたしもあなたの調整手伝ってあげるわ。\n今からバトルして、互いに切磋琢磨することにしましょう。,Considering how important a match like that could be; I'd be happy to help with your training as well. Let's battle right now and push each other to improve!

Reviewer: 調整 isn't quite "training", maybe "I'd be happy to help you practice for your fight."?

もちろん調整だからといって手を抜く気はないわ。\n闘技場では負けたけど今日は勝たせてもらうから。\nさ、カードを構えなさい。,Of course; just because this is training doesn't mean I'll go easy on you. I may have lost in the arena; but today I'll be the one to win. Come now; ready your cards.
あら、無敗のルーキー、また会ったわね。\nいまもまだ調整作業中？,Oh my. Undefeated rookie; so we meet again. Are you still adjusting your deck?
それならほら、わたしとバトルしましょう。\nなかなかあなたに勝てないけれど、今日は勝ってみせるわ。,Then come; let's battle. My record against you may be spotty; but today I'll claim victory for sure.
この前はわたしが勝ったけれど、\n実力は伯仲しているわ。\n今日もいいバトルにしましょう。,I may have won last time; but our skills are evenly matched. Let's have another wonderful battle today.
うう、さすがね。あなた以外には全然負けないのに、\nまた負けてしまうだなんて。,Ugh; as expected. I never lose to anyone else; but you ended up beating me yet again.
少しはあなたの調整の役に立てたかしら。\nそれじゃあ、師匠との試合頑張ってね。応援してるわ。,I hope I was at least able to help improve a little. Well then; good luck with your match against your master. I'm cheering for you!
ふふ❤今日はわたしの方が強かったみたい。\n久しぶりに射精してしまったんじゃない？気持ちよかったかしら❤,Fufu~❤ It seems I was the stronger of us today. Has it been a while since you came last? You seem to have enjoyed it~❤

> 男の子の性欲ってどうなってるかわからないけれど、\nこれですっきりできたなら、お師匠さんとの戦いも\n冷静に臨めるんじゃない？応援してるわね。,I don't really understand how boys' sexual drives work; but if this helped you feel refreshed; you should be able to face your master with a much calmer heart now; right? I'm rooting for you; okay?

Reviewer: Maybe "boys' sex drives"?
"Much calmer" isn't proper English I believe. Maybe something like this!

"but if this calmed you down; you should be able to face your master with a clear head now; right?"

挑戦するために必要なランクポイントに達していません(現在ランクポイント:{ランクポイント})。,You don't have enough rank points to challenge (Current rank points: {ランクポイント}).
さあ今日も始まりました！\nみなさんお待ちかね、無敗のルーキーの試合です！,Now then; let's get the day rolling again! It's the match everyone's been waiting for! Introducing... the undefeated rookie!

> {主人公}選手はDランクで闘技場に参戦してから、ここまで無敗！\nBランクに上がってからも順調に勝利を重ね、\n今日の試合でAランク昇格戦への挑戦権が与えられます！,{主人公} first entered the arena as a lowly D-rank; and has remained undefeated up until now! Even after rising to B-rank; he's continued winning match after match; and a victory today would give him the right to challenge for A-rank promotion!

Reviewer: "the right to challenge an A-rank promotion match!"

> これまでのカードマスターギルドの歴史の中で、\n一度の大会でFランクからAランクに一気に駆け上がった選手はいません！\nそのうえ公式戦無敗となれば、もはや伝説！,In the entire history of the Cardmaster Guild; no player has ever rushed from F-rank to A-rank in a single tournament! On top of that; if he remains undefeated in official matches; he'll go down in history as a legend of the arena!

Reviewer: Hmm I feel like this last bit is a little overturned for no reason. It could definitely be shorter:

"Not to mention if he continues to remain undefeated; he will no doubt go down in history as a true legend!"

Author: I feel like yours is about the same length as mine with a little less punch. You cut the term 'official matches' but added 'no doubt' and I feel like 'not to mention' is about the same as 'on top of that' but with a little less flare.

Also I felt the addition of 'official matches' was helpful here since it recognizes they're not counting city matches, which you can lose and isn't really mentioned that often, but I can also see the validity in cutting it

Reviewer: Hmm, I think "on top of that" is probably the biggest momentim killer here.

Offical matches makes sence, though a little weird. What about, "Ranked Matches"?

Author: See all matches are 'ranked' i think, since they give you 'rank points' right? Maybe coliseum matches? Arena matches?

Reviewer: Arena Matches sounds good!

しかし、彼の前に立ちふさがる壁も大きい！\nそう、今日の相手はあのカードマスター学園のトップランカー！\n「無敵の盾」の使い手、シルヴィア選手だ！,However; the wall between him and such a fairytale ending is an imposing one! Yes; today's opponent is a certain top-rank student from the Card Academy! The wielder of the "Invincible Shield;" Sylvia!
圧倒的な防御力を誇る最上級モンスター、「イージス」の使い手にして\n学園一の秀才！彼女の絶対防御を破れず\nなすすべなく敗北したカードマスターは数知れません！,The master of the legendary monster—boasting overwhelming defensive power—"Aegis;" and the academy's top genius! Countless cardmasters have been left helpless; unable to break through her absolute defense!

> シルヴィア選手も学園在学中に着実にポイントを貯め、\nこの試合に勝てばAランク昇格戦に挑戦できる状態です！\n学園在学中にAランクに昇格した例は、なんと３例しかありません！,Sylvia has also been accumulating points steadily throughout her years at the academy; and if she wins this match; she'll also walk away with the right to challenge for an A-rank promotion! In all of history; there have only ever been 3 students to achieve A-rank while still enrolled!

Reviewer: been **steadily** accumulating points throughout her years at the academy

> つまり！彼女も何十年に一人の逸材ということです！\n勝つのは「無敗」かそれとも「無敵」か！稀有な天才たちが、\nいまこの場でぶつかり合う！一瞬たりとも目が離せない試合です！,In other words; she's more than proven to be yet another once-in-a-century talent! Will "Undefeated" win; or will "Invincible" triumph instead? Rare prodigies are clashing right here; right now! You can't take your eyes off this match for even a moment!

Reviewer: Hmm how about the flow for this instead?

In other words; she's more than proven to be yet another once-in-a-century talent! -> 
In other words; she's already proven heself to be yet another once-in-a-century fighter!

Author: I like the fighter change alright, but I like the announcer being over the top and dramatic, being an entertainer, so I honestly prefer 'more than'

Reviewer: That works ^^

はじめまして。わたしはシルヴィア。\nあなたが噂の無敗のルーキーね。\nこうして試合ができること、光栄に思うわ。,It's nice to meet you. I'm Sylvia. So you're the rumored undefeated rookie. I'm honored to be able to have this match with you.

> 同級生のメロディちゃんはなにやら姑息な手を使ったみたいだけれど、\nわたしは違う。\n自分のモンスターの強さにプライドを持っているの。,My classmate; Melody; seems to have used some underhanded tricks in her fight with you; but I'm different. I take pride in my monsters' strength.

Reviewer: Hmm it's minor but what about, "but I'm different." -> "But not me." It's a bit more blunt which fits the vibe better.

Author: It could work, but I think the sentence before it might need a tweak to make it make flow. Maybe:

My classmate; Melody; may have resorted to usingsome underhanded tricks in her fight with you; but not me.

Idk, it feels kind of abrupt and disjointed. Something about it my brain just rejects

Reviewer: I think it works better! The "may have" flows better too I think

> 同級生のメロディちゃんはなにやら姑息な手を使ったみたいだけれど、\nわたしは違う。\n自分のモンスターの強さにプライドを持っているの。,My classmate; Melody; may have resorted to usingsome underhanded tricks in her fight with you; but not me. I take pride in my monsters' strength.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
同級生のメロディちゃんはなにやら姑息な手を使ったみたいだけれど、\nわたしは違う。\n自分のモンスターの強さにプライドを持っているの。,My classmate; Melody; may have resorted to using some underhanded tricks in her fight with you; but not me. I take pride in my monsters' strength.
```

> さあ正々堂々、カードとカードのぶつかり合いで、\nどちらが強いかはっきりさせましょう！\nAランクに上がるのはわたしよ。無敗のルーキー！,Now; let's settle this fair and square through card-on-card combat; and make it clear which of us is stronger! I'll be the one rising to A-rank; undefeated rookie!

Reviewer: Now; let's settle this fair and square through card-on-card combat **and prove** which of us is stronger!

(ううっ、なんて大きな胸・・・❤\nおっぱいが大きすぎて話が頭に入ってこない…❤),(Ugh; her breasts are huge...❤ They're so big I... I can't focus on what she's saying...❤)
・・・？\nって、はぁ・・・。\nあなたどこ見てるの？,...? Huh; hey... Where are you looking?
・・・！,...!

> 人がまじめに話しているのに、顔も見ないでおっぱいばかり。\nそんなに気になる？まあ、大きいものね。,I'm trying to have a serious conversation here; and yet you refuse to even look at my face; choosing instead to just stare at my breasts. Are you really that interested? Well; I suppose they are rather large.

Reviewer: Are you really that interested? -> Are they really that fascinating to you?

> 無敗だなんだともてはやされているけれど、\n所詮はその辺の男と同じなのかしら。\nいいわ、それならそれでサクっと搾り取って、負かしてあげる❤,You may be celebrated as undefeated and all; but it seems in the end you're just like any other guy around here. Fine; if that's how it is; I'll quickly milk you dry and bring you to your knees~❤

Reviewer: I think something like this might flow a little better:
"but in the end it seems you're no different from any of the other guys around here."

決まったー！決まりました！{主人公}選手の勝利です！,It's over! The match is over! The winner is... {主人公}!
無敗のルーキーの目にも止まらない速攻！\nシルヴィア選手、最強の盾、イージスを召喚する間もなく、\n一気に勝負を決められてしまいました！,The undefeated rookie struck; as fast as lightning; leaving Sylvia without enough time to even summon her strongest shield; Aegis! The match was decided in a single blow!
下級モンスターたちも含めて守りの固いシルヴィア選手のデッキを\n速攻で崩すのは至難の業。しかしそれを成し遂げた！\nさすがは無敗のルーキー、見事な強さです！,Breaking through Sylvia's solid defenses is near-impossible; especially with lower-level monsters. And yet it just happened; right before our eyes! As expected of the undefeated rookie! Such magnificent strength!
無敗のルーキーの目にも止まらない速攻！\nそれもイージスが召喚されたにも関わらず、\nそれを打ち破って一気に勝負を決めてしまった！,The undefeated rookie struck like lightning! Even with Aegis on the field; he broke through his opponent's defenses and ended the match in one decisive blow!

> これは前代未聞！圧倒的な強さです！\nあのイージスが陥落し、「無敵」の名は「無敗」の前に破れさったのです！\n我々はとんでもない瞬間を目撃してしまったようです！,This is unprecedented! What overwhelming strength! Aegis has fallen; and the title of "Invincible" has been left shattered before the might of the "Undefeated"! We have truly witnessed something incredible here today!

Reviewer: Hmm what if we use the term "unbeatable" instead of "Invincible" to match the comparison between 「無敵」and「無敗」?

I also touched up the flow too. Phrases like "have been" only make the sentence longer, and can be safely removed.
This is unprecedented! What overwhelming strength! Aegis has fallen; and her "Unbeatable" title? Shattered before the might of "Undefeated" Rookie!

Author: I see what you mean, but I feel like the two titles are just too close. What about 'Unbreakable'? Keeping in mind that, for consistency, we'd probably need to change all other instances of this as well.

Reviewer: Unbreakable works even better! I like that. I'll update my other card with that term as well since the phrase is also used there as well xD

くっ・・・。\nなんて強さ・・・。恐れ入ったわ。,Damn... What strength... I'm actually impressed.
きっとあなたはこの次の試合も勝って、\n「Fランクから一大会でAランクになった初めてのマスター」として、\n歴史に名を残すのでしょうね。,Seeing you in action; I'm sure you'll win your next match too; and go down in history as the first master to ever rise from F-rank to A-rank in one tournament.
そんなあなたと本気で試合できたこと、うれしく思うわ。\nまた闘技場以外でも、いつか手合わせしましょう！,I'm happy I could have a proper match with someone like you. Let's have another fight sometime; outside the arena.
闘技場の勝利報酬を得た！,Arena victory reward obtained!
先攻はあなたからね。\nどんなプレイをするのか楽しみだわ。,You start. I'm looking forward to seeing what kind of play you'll make.
先攻はわたしからね。\n序盤から、守りをしっかり固めさせてもらうわ。,I'll go first. I'll establish my solid defenses from the very beginning.
（胸に見とれて隙だらけね。\nまったくだらしない。）,(He's staring at my chest; leaving himself completely defenseless. How pathetic.)
(ううっ・・・・❤),(Uuugh...❤)
ドロー！,Draw!
わたしのターンね。ドロー！,My turn. Draw!
モンスターを２体コストにして、行くわ！\n私の切り札！,Here I go! I'll sacrifice 2 monsters and summon my trump card!

> 顕現せよ、鉄壁の守護女神！\nその盾を貫ける刃はこの世になく、汝を敗れる敵はなし！\n{使用カード}を召喚！,Manifest; my ironclad guardian goddess! May no blade in this world can pierce your shield; nor any enemy exists who can defeat you! I summon {使用カード}!

Reviewer 2: The sentence feels a bit strange, combination of "may" and "can" doesn't flow well
How about:
"In a world where no blade that can pierce this shield ever be; nor any enemy who can defeat you exists!"
The "ever be" part still feels a bit strange, what do you think ?

Author: Deleted the 'can' before pierce, and changed it from 'exists' to 'exist.' Give it another read and let me know what you think.

モンスターをコストにして、{使用カード}を召喚！,Sacrificing a monster; I'll summon {使用カード}!

> {使用カード}を召喚するわ。,II summon {使用カード}.

Reviewer 2: Typo, use I instead of II

{使用カード}は「挑発」の能力を持っているわ。\nあなたはこのカードを破壊しない限り、\n他のモンスターを攻撃できないの。,{使用カード} has the abilty "Taunt." You can't attack any of my other monsters unless you destroy this card first.
屈強な守りで、他の味方を支援する。\nまさに騎士の鑑のようなカードね！\nさて、突破できるかしら？,Her stalwart defenses support and defend her allies. Truly a card representing the epitome of being a knight! Well? Do you think you can break through?
ううっ、あうう・・・❤,Ugh; ahh...❤

> あら、無敗のルーキーのモンスターは負けるのに慣れていないようね。\n一度の敗北を引きずって、まだ快楽で理性がとろけているみたい❤,Oh my; the undefeated rookie's monsters don't seem used to defeat. Still lost in the memory of their last failure; their will seems to still be melted from the pleasure~❤

Reviewer: "don't seem used to defeat." is a bit of an awkward phrase. In context it seems more to be the "feeling of defeat".
**Oh dear;** it seems the undefeated rookie's monsters aren't used to the **feeling of defeat**.

Author: Feels weird, but I don't have an alternative so I'll go with it.

> 出てきたときから既にふにゃふにゃの骨抜き❤\nわたしの盾とは比べようもなく脆弱そうね❤\n軽く突破してあげるわ❤,Already weak and spellbound from the moment they emerge.❤ They look so fragile compared to my shield; don't they?❤ I'll break through them easily!❤

Reviewer: emerge...❤

{使用カード}の効果発動！\n自分モンスターが1500ポイント以上のダメージを受けたとき、\nHPを1000ポイント回復させる！,{使用カード} effect activate! When one of my monsters takes 1500 or more damage; it restores 1000 HP!
このとき、{使用カード}の効果発動！\n自分モンスターが1500ポイント以上のダメージを受けたとき、\nHPを1000ポイント回復！,When one of my monsters takes 1500 or more damage; I activate; {使用カード}'s effect to restore 1000 HP!
通常召喚に成功した時、{使用カード}の効果発動！\n手札を１枚捨てて、\nデッキからレベル４以下の光属性モンスターを１体特殊召喚よ！,When {使用カード} is successfully summoned; its effect activates! This lets me discard one card from hand to special summon one Level 4 or lower Light attribute monster from the deck!
召喚時に{使用カード}の効果発動！\n手札を１枚捨てて、\nデッキからレベル４以下の光属性モンスターを１体呼び出す！,When it's summoned; {使用カード}'s effect activates! I discard one card from my hand to call forth one Level 4 or lower Light attribute monster from my deck to the field!
１ターンに１度、{使用カード}の効果発動！\n自分フィールド上の光属性モンスターを\n全員パワーアップよ！,Once per turn; I can activate {使用カード}'s effect! It powers up all Light attribute monsters on my side of the field!
１ターンに１度、{使用カード}の効果発動！\n自分フィールド上の光属性モンスターを\n全員攻撃力200ポイントアップするわ！,Once per turn; I can activate {使用カード}'s effect to increase the attack power of all Light attribute monsters on my side of the field by 200 points!

> 召喚に成功した時、{使用カード}の効果発動！\n「{%%40190}」を生成して１枚手札に加えるわ！,When {使用カード} is summoned successfully; its effect activate! It creates an "{%%40190}" and adds it to my hand!

Reviewer 2: For this line, since "{%%40190}" is replaced by "Defense Formation", it should be:
It creates a "{%%40190}"
instead of a**n**

> 召喚に成功した時、{使用カード}の効果発動！\n「{%%40190}」を生成して１枚手札に加える！,When it's summon successfully; {使用カード}'s effect activates; generate one "{%%40190}" and adding it to my hand!

Reviewer 2: When it's summon**ed**

装備魔法カード発動！{使用カード}！,Activate the equipment Spell Card! {使用カード}!
魔法カードを発動！{使用カード}！,Activate Magic Card! {使用カード}!
トラップカードを発動！{使用カード}！,Activate Trap Card! {使用カード}!
カードをセットするわ。,I'll set a card.
カードをセット。,Set a card.
わたしも行くわ！\n{防御カード}へ攻撃！,I'll make my move too. and attack {防御カード}!
わたしからも攻めるわよ。\n{防御カード}に攻撃！,I'm going on the offensive as well. {防御カード}; get ready!
行きなさい！{使用カード}で{防御カード}を攻撃！,Go! I'll have {使用カード} attack {防御カード}!
攻めなさい！{使用カード}で{防御カード}を攻撃！,It's time to attack! I'll have {使用カード} fight your {防御カード}!
行くのよ！{使用カード}で{防御カード}を攻撃！,Go; {使用カード}! Attack {防御カード}!
む、打つ手なしね…。ターンエンド…。,Hmm; it seems I'm out of options... End turn...
ここは耐えるしかない…、ターンエンド。,I have no choice but to endure... End turn.
ターン終了するわ。,I'll end my turn.
これでわたしのターンは終わりよ。ターンエンド。,That's the last of it. End turn.
おわりね。ターンエンド。,That's everything. End turn.
エッチな攻撃はあまり好きじゃないのだけれど、\n男相手にはこれが一番効率いい以上、仕方ないわよね。\nほら、この胸で楽しませてあげる。,I don't really care for erotic attacks; but against men like you; they're the most efficient method available. So here; I'll pleasure you with my breasts.

> 好きじゃないとはいっても、テクには自信あるのよ。\nこれでも学園一位。あらゆる技術はきちんと身に着けているわ。\n男子生徒なんて、服越しに押し付けるだけでもイかせられる…❤,Even if I would rather not use them; I'm still quite confident in my technique. I am the top student at the academy after all. I've taken the time to master every technique completely. Just pressing myself against male students through my clothes is enough to make them cum...❤

Reviewer 2: It would make more sense to say "against male students through their clothes" since we played in game, it shows the image of her removing her top, with just a swimsuit below (so she doesn't really have clothes between her breasts and the character, apart from the clothes of the character themselves)

Author: Does that scene play here? Because I just checked that animation and the guy doesn't have pants on in it either.

> この圧迫感、すごいでしょう？みっちり押し付けられて、\nその状態で左右交互にずりずり擦られて・・・❤\n強烈な快感と恍惚感で、すぐ骨抜きにしてあげるわ❤,This pressure feels incredible; don't you think? The way my breasts press down on you tightly and rub against you; back and forth...❤ This pleasure and ecstacy will make you putty in my hands~❤

Reviewer: The pressure around your cock feels incredible; don't you think?

試合前におっぱい見てたし、\nあなたもどうせこれが好きなんでしょう？\nパイズリ、パイズリってバカみたい。,You were staring at my breasts before the match; so you obviously like this sort of thing; right? To be so obsessed with breasts... How stupid.
こんな脂肪の塊に挟まれるのの何がいいんだか。\nま、挟んだまま数回擦ってあげればだいたいすぐイっちゃうし、\nよっぽど気持ちいいんでしょうけど。,I don't know what's so great about being trapped between these lumps of fat. Still; if I simply squeeze and pump them just a few times; most guys cum immediately; so I suppose it must feel pretty good.
ほら、ほら・・・❤\n無敗だなんだ言われても、おっぱい好きじゃわたしには勝てないわ。\nイージスを使うまでもない。さっさと果てなさい❤,Come on; just relax...❤ Even if they call you 'undefeated'; a breast-lover like you can't hope to win against me. I don't even need to use Aegis. Hurry up and let it all out~❤

> 出した分は全部谷間の中で潰してあげる。\nあなたの大事な子種、わたしの谷間にすりつぶされるのよ。\nくす、そう言われて喜んでるし。マゾ❤,I'll crush everything you let out between my breasts. Your precious seed will be ground in the valley of my cleavage! *Giggle* Hearing that actually made you happy; didn't it? Masochist~❤

Reviewer: 谷間 is simply "cleavage" not "valley of cleavage"

"Your precious seed will be ground between my cleavage"

Author: I know, I just felt the extra made it a little more dramatic, fitting the moment

Also, as I've mentioned before, 'between my cleavage' feels weird, because the cleavages is the empty space between. It only really makes sense to either be 'between my breasts' or 'in my cleavage.'

Reviewer: Hmm between my breasts also works! It might even be better actually.

胸でしてあげるわ❤,I'll attack you my breasts.❤

> ん？優等生なのにエッチな攻撃するのは意外？男相手に戦うなら、\nこの攻撃が一番効くもの。学園で基本的な技術は教わっているし、\nとっても気持ちよくしてあげられると思うわ❤,Hm? Surprised that an honor student like me would use such erotic attacks? When fighting men; this form of combat is the most effective. I learned the basic techniques at the academy; and I feel rather confidant I can make you feel wonderful~❤

Reviewer 2: confident

遊んでいる子よりも、\n私みたいな子の方が上手かったりするものなのよ。\nそれに学園で一番おっぱい大きいし、挟んで擦ればたいていの男は瞬殺よ❤,Girls like me are often better than the promiscuous ones; believe it or not. Plus; I have the largest breasts in the academy; so most men finish in an instant with just a squeeze and a pump~❤
くす❤今の聞いて期待しちゃったんだ。\n固くなったあなたのペニス、\nわたしのテクで天国見せてあげるわね❤,*Giggle*❤ You got excited just hearing that. Your penis has gotten so hard. Now; I'll use my technique to show your cock heaven!❤

> 胸を揺らして隙を作るのは、基本技術よね。\nだって男って、どれだけ強くなっても、\nこうやってわざとらしく揺らすだけで・・・❤,Creating openings in my opponents defenses by bouncing my breasts is a rather basic technique. Because no matter how strong men become; just one deliberate bounce them like this; and...❤

Reviewer 2: "just one deliberate bounce like this" or "just bouncing them deliberately like this once"
but "deliberate bounce them like this" as is right now feels strange

くす❤すぐ視線が吸い寄せられる❤\n男ってかわいそうね。肉体は鍛えられても本能は変えられない。\nこんな脂肪の塊に簡単に操られちゃう❤,*Giggle*❤ Your gaze was immediately drawn to my chest; wasn't it?❤ Men are such predictable creatures. You can train your body as much as you want; but you can't change your instincts. So easily manipulated by these lumps of fat...❤
ほらほら、もっと揺らしてあなたの本能弄んであげる❤\n攻撃もできないぐらい集中力を乱して、\nそのあとじっくり調理してあげるわ❤,Here; look. I'll bounce them more and toy with your instincts.❤ I'll disrupt your concentration so you can't so much as attack; then take my time finishing you off afterwards~❤
ふふ、わたしの背後をとっても無駄よ。\nお尻で捕まえてあげればいいだけだもの。,Fufu; it's useless to strike from behind! All I have to do is capture you with my rear.

> スカート越しにペニスにお尻を当てて、\nリズミカルに上下にゆするだけ…❤それだけで\n男は喘ぐことしかできなくなる❤,Now I'll press myself against your penis through my skirt and rhythmically shake up and down...❤ And that's all it takes to leave men like you unable to do anything but moan~❤

Reviewer: HmmI think this sentence might be missing the topic. How about this?

"Now I'll press my rear against your penis through my skirt and rhythmically bounce it up and down..."

Author: Hmmm do you think it's necessary? The line right above ends with her mentioning 'capture you with my ear,' and I feel between that and the mention of 'through her skirt' work together well enough to imply it.

Lemme know what you think. I can see it either way, I just worry about repetition and tend to imagine these as not line by line but actual conversations.

Reviewer: Hm shall we update line 121 as well then? I think it also feels a little off anyway.
All I have to do is capture you with my rear. -> It gives me the perfect oppertunity to press my ass your crotch~

Author: The thing is I really don't like 'ass' for Sylvia. I think as words go it's a lot sharper and more vulgar than she'd use.

Reviewer: Hmm its either that or repeat the word. Maybe something like rear -> ass -> rear or the other way around?

Author: Your suggestion for line 121 puts 'press my butt' literally two sentences in a row.

Changed to 'press my butt'

> テクニックってほどのことじゃなわいよね。\n男の体って簡単で、勉強するまでもない。\nほらほら❤お尻で擦られて簡単に頭真っ白でしょ？くすくす❤,It's not really much of a technique. After all; men's bodies are so simple; there's nothing much to study. See what I mean?❤ Your mind goes blank so easily; just from being rubbed by my rear; doesn't it? *Giggle*❤

Reviewer: butt (if using rear in the earlier sentence)

Author: I think another reason I cut rear in the earlier line. Implication helps cut repetition

Reviewer: As discussed above

身動き取れないように、ハグしながら搾ってあげる。,I'll wrap my arms around you and squeeze you tight so you can't move at all.

> わたしの爆乳、体に押し付けられると力が抜けちゃうでしょう？\n本気を出せば振り払えるでしょうに、\n快楽を添えてあげれば、手錠なんかよりよっぽど強い拘束になるのよね❤,When my large breasts are pressed against your body like this; you can't help but lose all your strength; can you? You could shake me off if you really tried; but with so much pleasure behind a move like this; it becomes a restraint so much stronger than even handcuffs!❤

Reviewer: "but with so much pleasure behind a move like this;" Is a little generic. What about this:

"You could shake me off if you really tried; but when things feel really nice like this; you'll find this hold is a more effective restraint than even handcuffs~❤

> 大きくなったペニスも、ぎゅってふとももで捕まえてっと。\nストッキングの感触、何回もこすりつけてあげる❤\nハグされてメロメロになって、そのまま果てなさい❤くす❤,While I'm at it; I'll trap your swollen penis tightly between my thighs. My stockings feel nice; don't they? I'll rub them against you over and over.❤ Fall head-over-heels; captured in my embrace; and climax just like this~❤ *Giggle*❤

Reviewer: -> I'll rub them against your cock over and over.❤
-> **Fall deeply in love with me as I capture you in my embrace**; and climax just like this~❤ *Giggle*❤

> 足で踏んであげる。えい❤,I'll step on you with my foot. Hyah!❤

Reviewer: Since we know she's stepping on his crotch spesifically, we should add this in the translation!
"I'll press my foot against your crotch. Hyah!❤"

くす❤とろけた顔しちゃって、マスターのくせに情けない❤,*Giggle*❤ Making an expression that melted is so pathetic for a master~❤
あなたのマスターのことなんて、忘れさせてあげる❤,I'll make you forget all about your master~❤
快楽攻撃はモンスター相手にも効果的ね。くすくす❤,Pleasure attacks are effective against monsters too; you know. *Giggle*❤
出しちゃいなさい❤あなたが負けてもマスターが頑張ってくれるわ❤,Go ahead and cum~❤ Even if you lose; your master will keep working hard.❤
ううっ、気持ちよくしてください・・・❤\nおねがいします・・・❤,Ugh; please... Make me feel good...❤ Please...❤
はぁ・・・。\nまだ始まったばかりだというのに、もう我慢できないのね・・・。,*Sigh* We've only just started; and you already can't hold back; can you...?
戦闘前からずっとおっぱいを見てたわよね、あなた。\n当然気づいてたわよ、その視線。\n隠してるつもりかもしれないけれどバレバレだもの。,You were staring at my breasts the entire time before the match; weren't you? Of course I noticed your gaze. You might have thought you were hiding it; but you were completely obvious.
仕方ないわね。劣った相手を導くのも実力者のつとめ。\n学園最高のわたしの身体、たっぷりと味合わせてあげる❤\n夢見心地で果てなさい❤,I suppose it can't be helped. Offering instruction to inferior opponents is yet another duty of someone skilled. I'll let you fully taste the academy's finest body.❤ Climax in utter bliss~❤

> ふふ、モンスターに指示を出すべきその口で、\nわたしに快楽をねだってしまうの？\nこんな大舞台なのにずいぶん恥ずかしい行為ね。,Fufu; you should be using that mouth of yours to give orders to your monsters; but you're begging me for pleasure instead? What an embarrassing act on such a big stage.

Reviewer: -> begging me to pleasure you instead?

あら、集中力を乱すだけのつもりだったのに、\n揺れてるおっぱいを見てるだけで射精しちゃったんだ？\nくすくす❤ずいぶん早漏なのね❤,Oh; I had only meant to disrupt your concentration; but you ended up finishing from just watching my bouncing breasts. *Giggle*❤ You're quite the premature ejaculator; aren't you?❤
所詮自分から快楽をねだるような従者だもの。\nそれに見合った薄っぺらな理性だわ❤\nふふ、バカにされてるのにまだビクビク喜んでる。このマゾ❤,After all; you're just a lowly servant who begs for pleasure; and your shallow sense of reason matches that perfectly.❤ Fufu; you're still twitching with joy; even as I ridicule you. You masochist~❤
んふ、ビクンビクンと痙攣しているのが伝わってくるわ。\nわたしのお尻悪くなかったでしょ？\nシンプルな上下運動ですぐ喘がされて男の体って単純よね。くすくす❤,Mmh; I can feel the way you're twitching and convulsing back there. My butt wasn't bad; was it? Men's bodies are so simple. Just a few strokes and they're immediately made to moan. *Giggle*❤
はい❤射精❤\nふとももに捕まえられて少ししか持たなかったわね❤\n脱力した体にストッキングの擦れる感触は荷が重かったかしら❤,That's it.❤ Let it all out~❤ You didn't last long after being caught by my thighs; did you?❤ Was the feeling of my stockings rubbing against your weakened body too much?❤

> ちゃんと最後まで出し切れるように、ほらぎゅってハグしてあげる❤\nふとももぴったり閉じてあげるから、\n中身を根こそぎ吐き出してしまいなさい。うふふ❤,To make sure you can cum properly at the end; here; I'll hug you tight.❤ I'll close my thighs snugly; so spill out everything you have. Ufufu~❤

Reviewer: -> I'll close my thighs snugly **around your cock**;

ふふ、靴の裏でびくびくびく❤\n大事なエナジー吐き出しながら、踏まれる喜びで震えちゃってるわ❤,Fufu; I can feel you twitching under the sole of my shoe.❤ You're trembling with joy from being stepped on; spurting out your precious energy~❤

> 敵におねだりして、挙句の果てに踏まれて果てて、\nすごく情けない終わり方ね❤ほら、見下ろしながら\nグリグリしてあげるから最後まで喘いでいいわよ。くすくす❤,Begging the enemy and ultimately being trampled to climax... What a pathetic ending~❤ Here; I'll grind your penis while looking down on you; so moan until the very end! *Giggle*❤

Reviewer: -> I'll grind **my foot against** your penis
-> "so moan until the very end!" is a bit weak and generic. Try something like "so feel free to keep moaning until we're done~", which keeps the いいわよ nuance.

Be careful with よ as well. It doesn't always mean "!". The nuance is more that the sentence introduces 'new information' that may otherwise not be known. (I learnt this when studying some Japanese with Naru on the server ^^)

Author: That's good to know,  though I feel like ! is called for here. It's like a finishing battle cry sorta

Reviewer: Hmm I think the nuance of "いいわよ" is her more saying "you probably don't know it, but I'd be OK with it~", rather than a proper interjection.

Author: Tried 'so go ahead and moan all you want while I finish you off. '

あぅぅ……❤,Ahhh...❤
えっとまさかオナニーしてるの？\nはぁ、無敗のルーキーが何をしているのかしら。,Wait; are you actually masturbating? *Sigh* What is the undefeated rookie doing?
「無敗」対「無敵」、そんな前評判で、\nわたしもこの試合をとても楽しみにしていたのだけれど・・・。,"Undefeated" versus "Invincible"... With such over-the-top publicity; I was really looking forward to this match; like everyone else...

> ふふ❤始まってみれば、そこらの男よりも軟弱な理性だったわね。\nなに？そんなにわたしのことがタイプだった？\nそれともあなたはおっぱいフェチで、この爆乳に目がくらんだのかしら❤,Fufu~❤ But from the moment we began; your reasoning was even more fragile than an ordinary man's. What? Were you that into me? Or are you a breast fetishist who was dazzled by my enormous chest?❤

Reviewer: The phrase "目がくらんだ" can mean to be dazzled, but I think in this context it's more to be struck by lust:

"Were you that into me? Or maybe you're just a breast fetishist who can't control themselves around enormous pair of breats like mine...❤"

Author: I don't wanna double 'breasts' so trying "Or maybe you're just a breast fetishist who can't control themselves around a chest as large as mine~❤"

Reviewer: That works!

男の子ってすぐこの胸にクギ付けになるわよね❤\n無敗の記録を放り出したくなるぐらいの魅力が、\nこの脂肪のかたまりにあるとは思えないのだけれど❤,Boys like you always get so fixated on my chest so quickly.❤ I can't even imagine the sort of appeal you see in these lumps of fat that would make you want to throw away your undefeated record.❤
どうせ、こんな風に揺らされたら簡単にイってしまうのでしょう？\n教科書で読んだわ。オナニーを始めてしまった男は、\n射精するまで手を止めることはできないって❤,Regardless; if I shake them like this; you'll cum without much effort; won't you? I read in a textbook that once a man starts masturbating; he can't stop until he ejaculates.❤
だから放っておいてもあなたは負けるのでしょうけれど、\nせっかくだから早くイかせてあげる❤\nわたしの胸に興奮してさっさと果てなさい❤,So while you'd lose even if I just chose to leave you alone; since we're here; I'll finish you quickly.❤ Lose yourself staring at my breasts and cum~❤
ああ・・・❤すごい、そんなゆさゆさされたら・・・❤❤,Ahh...❤ Amazing... I-if you bounce them like that; I'll...❤❤
やっぱり、扱くのが早くなってきた❤\n男を操るのって簡単だわ❤体を少し上下させるだけで、\n指を触れず魔力も使わずBランクマスターを仕留めれちゃうんですもの❤,Just as I expected; you've started stroking even faster.❤ Manipulating men is so easy~❤ Just a simple bounce of my body and I can take down a B-rank master without ever having to touch him or use my magic.❤

> あなたには少し期待していたのよ？\nでも、結局、脳のつくりはほかの男と同じ❤\nいえ1ターン目で自滅するあたり標準以下かしらね。,Can you believe I had such high hopes for you? But in the end; your brain works just like every other man's~❤ No... Seeing as you're throwing the match away on the very first turn; you might actually be worse than that.

Reviewer: just like every other man's -> just like any other man

> あなたには少し期待していたのよ？\nでも、結局、脳のつくりはほかの男と同じ❤\n溜まった性欲を前に自分を抑えることすらできない。,Can you believe I had such high hopes for you? But in the end; your brain works just like every other man's~❤ You can't even manage to control yourself against your pent-up sexual desires.

Reviewer: just like any other man

ズボンのふくらみから察するに亀頭はここでしょ？\n一番敏感なところを重点的にふわふわおっぱいで磨いてあげる❤\nほら❤ずりずりずりずり♪,Judging from the bulge in your pants; your tip must be right here; right? I'll focus here; attacking your most sensitive spot with my soft; plush breasts.❤ Here I go!❤ Rub rub rub rub~♪
ああっ❤\nそ、そんな、服の上からで、こんなにっ❤はひぃっ❤,Ahhh!❤ N-no! Even through my clothes; i-it's too much...❤ Agh!❤
ふふ、とどめを刺せると思ってあなたのバリアが緩んでいたもの。\nバリアをおっぱいでこじあけながら挟んでしまえば、\n服越しでも途方もない快感でしょう？,Fufu; you thought you could deliver the finishing blow; so you let your barrier drop. Now that my chest has pried past your defenses and I've wrapped my breasts around you like this; even through our clothes; the pleasure must be incredible; right?
ほら、ほら、ほら❤左右交互にもみつぶしてあげる❤\n無敗のルーキーは、わたしの本気の動きに何回耐えられるかしら？,Alright; here I go~❤ I'll knead my breasts left and right.❤ How many times can the undefeated rookie endure my moves now that I'm serious?
はひぃっ、あっ、だめっ❤\n勝てるところだったのにっ❤ああっ❤とまらなっ❤❤,Haah; ah; no!❤ I was so close...❤ Ahhh!❤ I-I can't hold back...❤❤

> ふふ、ズボン越しなのに精液がたっぷり染みてきてる❤\nでもまだ終わりじゃないわよ。わたしはとどめはしっかり刺す方なの。,Fufu; even with your pants still on; your cum is soaking through~❤ But I'm not done yet. I'm the type to make sure to finish my opponents off.

Reviewer: Maybe "I always make sure to finish my opponents off." would flow better?

Author: I like 'im the type' in there. It's like 'hey I'm different.' Maybe:

"I'm the type of girl who always makes sure to finish my opponent's off"

Or

"Unlike some other girls, I always make sure to finish my opponents off."

Reviewer: Yep, definitely keep I'm the type in there ^^

Maybe first suggestion?
 "I'm the type of girl to always finish off my opponents."

あっ・・・❤あああっ❤がまんできないっ・・・❤,Ah...❤ Ahhh!❤ I... I can't hold back...❤
あら、まさかマスター本人もオナニーで出しちゃうなんて❤\n大事な試合を控えてるのに、そんな負け方をしちゃっていいのかしら❤,Oh my; to think even the master himself would end up making himself cum.❤ Is it really okay to lose like this when you have such an important match coming up?❤
ついこの間射精したばかりでしょう？\nそれでそんなにたまっちゃうものなの？\nもう少し我慢しないとお師匠さんの前で恥をかくわよ。くすくす❤,You just let it out the other day; didn't you? Did you really build up that much so soon? You really need to show more restraint. Otherwise you'll end up embarrassing yourself in front of your master! *Giggle*❤
くす、あなたもオナニーで射精しちゃうのね❤\nマスターを放置して次々シコシコして、\nみっともないモンスターたちね❤,*Giggle* So you ended up masturbating and cumming too; did you?❤ Abandoning your master to stroke yourselves one after another. What pathetic monsters~❤
闘技場だと頑張れたのに、今日はわたしを見ただけでイってしまうの？\n男の子ってよくわからないわ。ふふふ❤,You managed to try hard in the arena; but today you came just from looking at me; didn't you? Boys sure are unpredictable. Fufufu~❤
決着ー！！\nあわや敗れるかと思われたシルヴィア選手、しかし最後は\n無敗のルーキーの腰に組み付き、逆転の一撃を与えました！,It's over!! Just when it seemed Sylvia might be defeated; she grappled onto the undefeated rookie's waist and delivered a decisive reversal!

> あの最強の彼ですらやはり性欲には勝てなかったのでしょうか！\nシルヴィア選手の胸に捕らえられたあとは、\nなすすべなく痙攣を繰り返し、敗北！,Even the strongest of men couldn't overcome his sexual desires! After being captured by Sylvia's breasts; he could do nothing but convulse over and over until he was forced to face defeat!

Reviewer: Even the strongest of men couldn't overcome **his own** sexual desires!

> カードプレイングに加えて巧みな性的テクニックも併せ持つとは\nさすがはシルヴィア選手！\nこれが学園最強のカードマスターの実力です！,To possess skillful sexual techniques in addition to card playing—I would expect nothing less from Sylvia! This is the true power of the academy's strongest cardmaster!

Reviewer: To possess **such** skillful sexual techniques

今回は少し残念な戦いだったけれど・・・。\nこれですっきりできたでしょうし、\n次はきっと、もっといい勝負ができるわね。,This battle was a bit disappointing... but now you can feel refreshed; and next time we'll have a much better match for sure.
ほら、いつまでもへたれてないで立ちなさい。\nファンのみんなに手を振りましょう。,Come on; stop moping around and stand up. Let's wave to all our fans. Together.
彼女は僕に向かってすっと手を差し伸べた。僕は気後れしながらも、その手を取った。,Showing incredible grace; Sylvia extended her hand toward me. Despite how self-conscious I felt; I took it.
さすがは{自分}選手！\n負けた{主人公}選手に優しく手を差し伸べています！\n互いの力を認め合う二人に会場からも割れんばかりの歓声です！,As expected of {自分}! She kindly offered her hand to the defeated {主人公}! The crowd is erupting with thunderous cheers for our two fighters who have recognized one another's strength!
今回はシルヴィア選手に実力差をまざまざと\n見せつけられる結果となりましたが、そこは無敗のルーキー、\nきっとこれから強くなって見返してくれるでしょう！,While Sylvia may have thoroughly demonstrated her superior skill this time; being the undefeated rookie; there's no doubt her opponent will grow even stronger and show us something amazing next time!

> 会場のファンたちも無敗のルーキーに「がんばれ」\n「次の試合も楽しみにしている」と声援を送っています！\nいやぁ、胸が熱くなる光景ですね！,The fans in the venue are cheering for the undefeated rookie! Encouragements of "do your best!" and "we're looking forward to your next match!" are echoing through the arena! What a heartwarming scene!

Reviewer 2: I know "h" is a consonant, but I feel like "what an heartwarming" would feel more natural

Author: I can only see that if I pronounce it British with a silent h. A hard h I feel needs 'a'

Reviewer: I think it's fine as is so I'll resolve this ^^
a heartwarming scene is completely fine English. "an heartwarming scene" doesn't quite make sense

> （こんな僕を認めてくれるなんて…\nそれに比べて僕は…うぅ…）,(For her to recognize someone like me... Compared to that; I'm... Ugh...)

Reviewer: For her to recognize someone like me... Compared to **her**; I'm... Ugh...)

> 彼女の差し出したきれいな手を握りながら、至近距離にある大迫力のおっぱいに僕は情けないほど視線を吸い込まれてしまっていた。,While gripping her outstretched hand; being close like this; I found my gaze drawn pathetically to her impressive breasts

Reviewer: missing full stop

持てる力の全てを結集して臨んだAランク昇格戦だったが、結果はシルヴィアさんの完勝。,I had put everything I had into this A-rank promotion battle; but the result was Sylvia's total victory.
僕は自分よりも強い相手がいるというのをはっきりと思い知らされてしまった。,I was made to clearly realize that there were opponents stronger than myself.
そんな僕に彼女がそっと耳打ちをした。,During all this; Sylvia leaned close; whispering gently in my ear.
ねえ。今度、私にもカードテクニックを教えてくれないかしら？\nぜひあなたの考えを聞いてみたいの。,Hey. Would you maybe teach me some of your card techniques sometime? I'd really love to hear your thoughts.
う、うん・・・。,Oh; uh... S-sure...
彼女の唇が耳に触れるくらいの距離まで近づき、彼女の大きなおっぱいが僕の肩にむにゅりと潰れる。,Her lips moved close enough to almost touch my ear; and her large breasts pressed softly against my shoulder.
うあ・・・っ❤,Ohh...❤
たったそれだけで、試合中の快感を思い出し、僕は思わず前かがみになってしまった。さっき射精したばかりだというのに・・・。ううっ・・・。,From just that alone; I remembered the pleasure I'd just felt during the match; involuntarily hunching forward. Even though I had just ejaculated... Ugh...

> くす❤ほんと、元気なのね❤\nわたしの体、わたしの声、そんなに気に入っちゃった？,*Giggle*❤ You really are virile; aren't you?❤ Did you like my body and voice that much?

Reviewer: 気に入っちゃった is more of "were you into" rather than to enjoy.

Did you like my body and voice that much? -> Did you find my body and voice that fascinating?

Author: Oh I think WK actually taught me that one. Base form is 'take a liking to' right?

Reviewer: Yep that's right! Or to be interested in/capture your attention

Author: How about 'Did you really fall for my body and voice that much?'

> まあいいわ。それじゃあ、今度あなたの部屋にでもお邪魔するから。\n一緒に有意義な時間を過ごしましょう？,Well; that's okay. I'll visit your room sometime. We'll spend some meaningful time together; okay?

Reviewer: We'll -> Let's (しょう)

シルヴィアさんはそう言うと、ファンたちに手を振りながら優雅に会場を後にした。一方で僕は、エナジーを奪われてふらふらな上に、彼女に密着されたせいでしっかり勃起してしまい、それを隠しながらひょこひょこと闘技場を去ったのだった。,Saying that; Sylvia waved to the fans and gracefully exited the venue. Meanwhile; I was left dizzy from having my energy drained and had gotten fully erect from her pressing against me; leaving me to hobble out of the arena while trying to hide my shame.
数日後,Several days later

> 約束通り彼女とカードについて情報交換をすることになった。,The day came where I was going to talk cards with Sylvia; just like I promised.

Reviewer: maybe "discuss" would be better? This is minor though.

さあ、今日はたくさんカードについて話しましょ？,Now; let's have a long discussion about cards today; shall we?
そう言って、シルヴィアさんは部屋の中に入ってくる。この部屋にはテーブルと椅子が１つしかないので、僕はシルヴィアさんに椅子をすすめて、自分はベッドに腰かけることにした。,Saying that; Sylvia entered the room. Since this room only had one table and chair; I offered the chair to my guest and decided to sit on the bed.
彼女と二人、デッキや持っているカードを見せ合いながらカードバトル談義に花を咲かせる。彼女の考える詠唱理論や戦術はなかなか新鮮で、僕にとって学びのあるものだった。,The two of us spent time discussing card battles; showing each other our decks and cards. Her theories about incantations and tactics were pretty refreshing; offering me some valuable insights.
彼女も同様なようで、僕が師匠に教わったことやバトルの中で考えたことを話すと、興味深そうに頷いている。互いに時間を忘れて話に熱中したのだった。,She seemed to feel the same way; nodding with interest whenever I shared what my mentor had taught me or strategies I'd developed through battle. We both lost track of time; absorbed in our conversation.
・・・・話し始めて2時間ぐらいが経った頃、少し話疲れたのもあって集中力が落ちてきた。彼女は僕の持っているカードを手に取りそれを見ながら何やら話している。,...About two hours into our discussion; having talked quite a bit; my concentration began to wane. She was holding one of my cards; examining it while talking about something.

> しかし僕は気もそぞろで、彼女の手元を見ていたはずがいつの間にか彼女の胸元をぼんやりと眺めていた。,But my mind was wandering. I should have been watching her hands; but I found myself absently staring at her cleavage.

Reviewer: I should have **been focused on what she was holding**;

> （ああ・・・、試合のときも思ったけどすごい胸だなぁ・・・❤）,(Ah... Just like during the match... What incredible breasts...❤)

Reviewer: What incredible breasts... Just like during the match...❤

I think reversing the order helps make this flow more naturally.

言うのは簡単だけど、これ結構難しいの❤\nあなたは分かりやすく喘いでくれるからやりやすい方だけど❤\nくすくす❤,It's easy to say; but this is actually quite difficult.❤ Though you make it easier by moaning so clearly~❤ *Giggle*❤
うぐっ、だってきもちよすぎてっ❤あひっ、あああっ❤❤,Ugh; but it feels too good!❤ Ah; ahhh!❤❤
シルヴィアさんに言われて僕は声が漏れないように我慢しようとする。しかし、そんな我慢は彼女が胸を大きく一回ズリおろすだけで脆く砕かれてしまう。,After Sylvia pointed this out; I tried to suppress my voice; but my restraint crumbled without much resistance with just one big pump of her breasts.
ペニスを上から下へと爆乳になでられるたび暴力的なまでの快感が襲う。体は無意識に跳ねて、頭も一瞬で真っ白になり、声を抑えることなどまったくできない。,Each time my penis was stroked from top to bottom by her massive tits; violently intense pleasure assaulted my body. My hips bucked unconsciously; my mind went blank in an instant; and I couldn't suppress my voice at all.
あらもう腰が浮いてきたわ❤\nうふふ、禁欲はしてないはずなのに、\nそれでもあっさりわたしのパイズリに負けちゃうんだ❤,Oh my; your hips are already lifting.❤ Ufufu; you aren't even pent up anymore; and yet you're still so easily defeated by my paizuri~❤
いいの？無敗のルーキーくんが、二回も負けて。\nほらほらほら❤がんばって我慢して、\nあなたの強いところ見せつけたら？,Is this really okay? The undefeated rookie losing twice like this. Come on~❤ Try harder to endure. Why don't you show me how strong you really are?

> あひっ、ああっ、きもちいいっ❤❤\nむりっ❤むりっ❤こんなの、こしがとけてっ❤❤あああっ❤❤,Ah; ahh; it feels good!❤❤ Impossible!❤ This is impossible!❤ M-my hips are melting!❤❤ Ahhh!❤❤

Reviewer: Hmm I think the nuance for むり is more that it's an impossible situation/they can't do anything about it:

Impossible!❤ This is impossible!❤-> I can't!❤ I can't even...!❤

Author: I went with "No way.❤ I-I can't...!❤"

くす❤かわいい喘ぎ声❤\nいいわ、今回もわたしの勝ちということで、この谷間に出してしまいなさい❤,*Giggle*❤ Such cute little moans~❤ Fine; I'll take this as another victory for me; so go on and cum in my cleavage.❤
無敗のルーキーくんの二回目の黒星、\nそれもわたしに付けられちゃうわね。うふふ❤,The undefeated rookie's second loss; and it's to me again. Ufufu~❤

> あへぇっ、でるっ、あああっ❤❤,Ahhh; I-I cumming! Ahhh!❤❤

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
あへぇっ、でるっ、あああっ❤❤,Ahhh; I-I'm cumming! Ahhh!❤❤
```
